Hi! I'm a huge productivity geek and I keep trying new tools to organize my life. I have created some simple tools in HTML using GPT. These pages are self sufficient and can work offline, so all you need to do is save them. **They use local storage** to store any information you enter. Open the *networks* tab in developer tools (Command + Option + I) or (Ctrl + Shift + I) to confirm no network requests are being sent. Since they use localstorage therefore you get an independent instance per browser profile. **There is no data backup.**

1. [750 Words](/files/750%20Words.html) - We think what we write. Writing forces us to tie our thoughts beautifully at the end instead of letting them run loose. It shapes us, it gives us a release. Abraham Lincoln once wrote a scathing letter to General Robert E. Lee after a military blunder reprimanding him. After The President's death it was found that he had never posted that letter. Definitely writing it down would have helped. 750 is a word limit I had found on the site https://750words.com/ which is a more complex offering but strongly recommended.
2. [To Do List](/files/ListItems.html) - a very very simple to do list in which you can reorder tasks. Once you're done, just delete the entry from the list and it will vanish...poof!
3. [Stephen Covey's Quadrants](/files/Tasks.html) - Stephen R Covey in his book 7 Habits of Highly Effectvie People has recommended segregating our priorities along the axis of urgency and importance. This tool helps in exactly doing that.